Ah, just a week...
That's just how a master's life is,
but perhaps miracles will happen,
Don't worry too much.
Linda, could you help me leave
the manor? I need to find her.
I'm worried about her injuries.
But...
The master said just now,
the manor is hosting a party in three days,
and there will be
many guests.
I'll figure something out,
to get you out with them.
Thank you, Linda.
Come.
Seventh Miss, I've made inquiries,
and at the banquet the day after tomorrow,
the Tamoxi leader will be present.
I have a friend
who works for Tamoxi.
You'll pose as
her escort,
and she'll get you out.
Linda, thank you.
If Huo Jiu Ling finds out you
helped me escape,
will he trouble you?
Seventh Miss, don't worry,
there will be so many
guests at the party,
the master won't know it was
me.
Go.
Is something the matter?
It's the stylist the master arranged,
to style the Seventh Miss.